Feature6.1 (#176)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-sp25: docs/overviews/to-do-overview_cristinalom.md

# To-do service overview

> Use the To-Do Service to post common tasks and recieve reminders for those tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the To-Do Service to post common tasks and receive reminders for those tasks.
```

## Get started

> Before you can begin to perform common tasks with the **To-Do service**, you must set up your development system. Review the [Before you start a tutorial](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-sp25/before-you-start-a-tutorial/) page to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can begin to perform common tasks with the **To-Do service**, you must set up your development system. Review the [Before you start a tutorial](./before-you-start-a-tutorial.md) page to get started.
```

You don't want to use absolute links. Use the links that are relative to the topic they're in.
This is another example of links that are "valid" but not a good idea. (They're only valid in a limited context).

>[!NOTE]
>Preparation to start a tutorial takes approximately 20 minutes to complete.

## Order of tasks

To begin posting your tasks to the service, you must add your users to the service first.

> 1. [Enroll a new user](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-sp25/tutorials/enroll-a-new-user/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Enroll a new user](../tutorials/enroll-a-new-user.md)
```

> 2. [Add a new task](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-sp25/tutorials/add-a-new-task/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Add a new task](../tutorials/add-a-new-task.md)
```

## Coming soon

The following tasks for the **To-Do service** are available soon:

- Change the due-date of a task
- Delete a task
- Get all tasks
- Get task by ```ID```
- Get task by ```user_ID```

## References by resource

### User resource

> The [user resource](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-sp25/api/user/) contains information for all users of the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [user resource](../api/user.md) contains information for all users of the service.
```

The following is an example of the user resource:

```json
{
    "last_name": "Smith",
    "first_name": "Ferdinand",
    "email": "f.smith@example.com",
    "id": 1
}
```

### Task resource

> The [task resource](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-sp25/api/task/) contains information for all tasks in the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [task resource](../api/task.md) contains information for all tasks in the service.
```
